Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Eeee
title = Rrrr
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 4


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Eeee
title = Rrrr
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 47


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Fff
title = Rrrr
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 4


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Kkkk
title = Eeee
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 5


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Ffff
title = Rrr
Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Ccc
title = Vvvv
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 4


Sailboat (id: id)
Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = ‚¢¢¢
title = ›ëëë
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 7


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Jjj
title = Dddd
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 3


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Eeee
title = WWWww
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 4


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Eee
title = Dddd
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 54


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Rrrr
title = Tttt
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 4


Sailboat (id: id)
Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = DDddd
title = Eee
PeacefulOrMilitary = 0
BodyLength = 45


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = Rrr
title = Eeee
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 212


Sailboat (id: id)
TypeOfSailboat = ggg
title = dfdf
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 23


0)Sailboats:
TypeOfSailboat = 
title = 
PeacefulOrMilitary = 204
BodyLength = -858993460
MovementSpeed = -858993460
crew = -858993460

1)Sailboats:
TypeOfSailboat = 11
title = 11
PeacefulOrMilitary = 1
BodyLength = 11
MovementSpeed = 11
crew = 11

